VOOD-169: Refactor and update. (#35)
GinoCardillo-OST/Visual-OO-Debugger: README.md

Note that this will only change the state of the visualization and is not a way to step back/forward in the debugger.
Only states that have been visualized before may be loaded that way.

Only the states of the top most stack frame are added to the history at any step.

### Stack Frame selection

Select a stack frame from the call stack in the dropdown at the top of the debugger view. The visualization will then
update and visualize the variables of the selected stack frame.

### Cluster Nodes

> Left-click on a node to collapse it with it's references to other nodes. Left-click on the cluster to expand it again.
> To expand all clusters at once, click on the button in the top right-hand corner of the view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Left-click on a node to collapse it along with its references to other nodes. Left-click on the cluster to expand it again.
To expand all clusters at once, click on the 'Open all clusters' button in the top right-hand corner of the view.
```
